hey up folks hope you're in the mood for
some elash Shenanigans because there's
going to have to be you got deos playing
as the W spider xac over here on green
tooth garge a map with a whole lot of
valleys and inaccessible areas and
garrisons and so a map where the
teleport can be very helpful and he's
going to be facing off against TCH
himself playing as the legendary hi tyon
so let's see how he fares with all this
double homon is going to be the opening
here from TCH there's a lot of potential
to overwhelm that W spider xar with
melee early on but perhaps deos will be
saved by the fact he is indeed on green
too gge so he's got a lot of garrisons
to avoid melee
initially might make tier one spawn
mines actually useful generally I think
they're a little bit too expensive for
what they do at the moment you just want
to get them in tier two with the
capillary Towers where they're half pric
I guess both players must have been
playing random or at least maybe deos
cuz I'm assuming that Texas is saying
that it is a nightmare cuz he's fighting
the wat better X and green tooth Gorge
which yeah is kind of a
nightmare it's
tough hi tant here obviously eating a
lot of shots but not really achieving a
whole
lot yeah banshee's coming down he needs
to
retreat that was close to the Banshees
starting their melee charge which have
been very bad for this hi tant double
gen opening standard for the alar that
only goes for one guardian and only one
gen here for man of faith is he going
for
upgrades
no guess you get warri is that optimally
if you don't get any gens but then that
would delay your subsequent upgrades
fasher in here
for damos going to be interesting to see
if we get the bioplasma on the H to
potentially
I could afford Warriors I guess T is
going for fast
raveners they'll have another range
sauce then to go along with the turant
which could be helpful cuz the what
spider xite can just do this at the
moment just go into melee where you one
ter Squad does reasonable melee damage
no specials he seems to be missing
OD Victory point
is nice of the ter is actually to take
the Garrison there would have been quite
annoying if the spider himself got in
there he faing the right direction to
shoot he
is this is a little bit
precarious okay he can get the Decap and
teleport out fine I'm sure he could
actually go in the Garrison that would
have been probably a better play to be
honest would have forced these guys off
Tex has these points so getting rid of
them and taking it with the spider would
have been useful shuriken could have
just stayed on the Sid to zone out the h
HS have t chasing down the Banshees
hoping to proxim specials maybe kill a
model needs to get going soon he's got
Huns running in okay yeah I suppose if
he got a special that could have been
very deadly for the Banshees with the
harmers coming in I you got ravers
behind them as well didn't notice that
they were coming into support still only
one gen here for man of Faith triple
gens for
damos we got Rangers coming out now inly
upgrading with their long
rifles fleeting down to the V really
dominant m control actually from Tech
rather
surprisingly I really do think the horse
spider has a huge Advantage early on of
this map basically throughout all the
tier one because of your inability to
deal garrisons as the
tyranids a lot easier in tier two just
use capillary towers and you kind of
don't want to invest too much in
shurikens because rippers will negate
them quite a lot in here two at least
the Rangers will do some good damage to
things like Tyrant guards they give you
lots of range as well you can poke down
raveners especially when they're hiding
in cover as well so nice utility from
the Rangers even though they're probably
not as effective in tier one as an extra
shuriken they do scale very well in
comparison I'm not sure the W spider
wants to go in melee with raveners
raveners are another sort of hybrid unit
so they got shorter range than most
ranged units which can hurt them in
cover to cover fights but to compensate
for that they fire in very very quick
burst of damage a little bit lag
there um and they also have pretty
decent melee stats certainly enough to
handle a what better
XA but nice flanking maneuver here quite
lucky to only lose five fers okay he
lost six fine well Gibb's one of the
shuriken team models and then moves away
he's got the energy for his b as well so
he's just cting right now
disrupting the formation of deos and
then going to put away
nice doesn't want any bleed on those
banshees so going to retreat them out
here comes the plasma grenade mostly
[Music]
dodged I'm going to take the Garrison
what an annoying little set of
Guardians instantly killing the ranger
there which is pretty
nice guess they started
to come out of infiltration a little bit
too close to the raveners raveners right
now under synapse which is cool extra
damage resistance for
them T can probably just go into melee
here but yeah we're now con said I no
you've got
the the heavy gauge death spinner
combine that with the improved targeters
so you've got really good range on your
spider and you've got also very good DPS
so it's costing deos quite a bit so he's
kind of on par right now with Tex even
though Tex in fact Tex looks like he's
he's ahead in
E yeah wow T is way ahead in terms terms
of power
jeez and we don't even have the long
rifles yet damn Texas is so far ahead in
power it's unbelievable right now but
the raveners might start bleeding quite
a bit to this
guy he does some serious damage with
these two warar in fact it is generally
considered kind of op how much damage he
can get in tier
one just basic range DPS is kind of nuts
and tyan is can't really do that much
about it certainly with this build that
Tex has got he's only got light Infantry
raav is a somewhat robust per model but
they are still light
infantry infantry armor here as you can
see not heavy infantry like the Warriors
so pretty awkward pretty awkward we'll
have to see if he can get the value out
of it it's certainly an expensive
combo clearly not got many kills yet
barely any XP on the
guy arm doing the best running around
cap in the map I mean I have to give it
to Tex his map control has been
absolutely phenomenal
really phenomenal very difficult to
dominate the map like this against a w
spider on green tooth
Gorge even with tanid numbers and
speed at this another little pins
attacks good h t probably wants to go
over and deal with those ranges I have
to admit the hi T himself hasn't really
achieved much this
game H here probably intentionally being
left at three models not really much
use having them any more than
that now the raveners went over this way
oh that's a good grenade really didn't
even get a model Jesus that's unlucky
for
deos raveners would be very expensive to
to replace I suppose they're going to be
in base for a while now but yeah killing
those models definitely would have
helped and a good bit more XP there
killed a load of gauns I guess they're
all fully reinforced now yeah Texas got
got a crazy economy the problem of
course for the nids you see they do
often get this where they get to tier 2
first but it's balanced by the fact that
they can't just get a walk of vehicle
out their only vehicle armor is the tant
guard in Shield wall where it obviously
can't move or attack so a lot less
threatening if they fast tech against
you I'm curious what Tex is going to be
doing for his unit purchase here they
must now a quarter of the way through
his Tech to T two
himself I mean God Tex has got a crazy
amount of resources is is he just going
to go tier three no he could already go
tier
three he might just be waiting to see
what deos goes for but that's obviously
a major mistake he doesn't realize how
far ahead in Tech he is he really should
have been purchasing things and putting
the pressure on I
think running around with three ranged
units honestly getting the Venom brood
and just giving him range staps wouldn't
even be a bad thing cuz it's stopping
any vehicle purchases from d and it's
also kind of helps you deal with the w
spiders to have
your your own
um your own raveners be higher HP and
higher damage though it's not ideal this
also isn't really ideal I know they're
only 50 requisition out the py to but
it's still 50 reposition kind of been
wasted right now not really achieving a
whole lot so that's a shame and tex is
indeed going to go tier three but really
he could have done that a long time ago
so not great management from him there
and this is basically the opportunity
now for deos to come back W spiders
getting called in by the global that's
going to help for sure and map control
going to slowly be turning against TCH
and this needs to happen for deos
because he is tremendously far behind on
VPS look at this he's under 158 already
and tex hasn't even lost a single VP yet
the thing is canif effect can be
controlled by the combination of hair
wire grenades bright Lance and a r the
rfor do quite well against car
effects I have to assume he's going to
go for car effects now he is so far Hing
VPS and Eco that it might even be worth
it just to save up for the Swarm Lo
swarm Lo is exponentially stronger than
a single car effect
effect the durability of the Swarm is
absolutely nuts he has more HP even than
a format can effects but then he can use
that AE heal and damage ability to do
even
more then you send rippers with him and
they can constantly reinforce with
practically no resources and they get
the speed buff and it's just a bit
ridiculous if he gets the Swarm Lord
he's basically going to win so that that
would be the choice here from Tech given
that he still hasn't seen any vehicles
and in fact he's actually seen spiders
now he knows that a vehicle is going to
be quite unlikely I think it would have
been a good choice as well while he was
taking to TI three to get the endless
swarm upgrades well actually he hasn't
even got the adrenal glands now that I
look at these uh homon so yeah maybe not
just keeping default going to run these
Ripp into base they did push someone
off yeah he's just going to go for canix
I don't think he realizes quite how far
ahead he is in
Tech it's still going to be effective
but it's not like an instant GG like
swam probably would be right
now is he watching these homers no he's
not that's a hom wipe watching raveners
down here not great here from TCH this
is definitely where the comeback can
come from
when the harmers go over here to take
the natural two raveners going to rotate
to the mid but now there's quite a
little blob of Eldar actually yeah this
isn't looking like a good fight for the
raveners remember they've got no synapse
right now so they're actually kind of
squishy now look the eldara tier two
with a leaders and such a lot
stronger these are basically well they
are entirely tier one raveners they've
got nothing that makes them stronger
than the tier one version these are not
tier one Guardians with the Warlock
they're a lot
better but here comes the carix it has
to be a far back I would imagine I mean
you could go for a b Strangler but man
the B Strangler is going to get wrecked
by RL is the problem and that would be
just such an obvious play Then for deos
to counter
it yeah you got to go f back there's
only one
shuriken so that shouldn't be able to
deal with a farm back even if it gets a
bright
Lance so we'll see we'll see basically a
mass Retreat here from deos H tant
nearly caught out the wat spider I've
got to say again H tant basically hasn't
done anything this game I suppose that
could be a reason to go for the B
Strangler you could bait the enemy into
get the the ra L to counter your B
Strangler can effects and then you could
go for a Venom brood with range synapse
to buff your raveners and turas and then
you could go for the Venom cannon on the
Hy T you could even go for the crushing
Claws and the bonded exoskeleton just
make him a bit of a melee for it I don't
know I guess that could also have worked
but we'll see how the format does
Farm back obviously will One V one the r
FL quite easily but it's never going to
be a 1 V one the spiders to hair wire
this thing do a little bit of Spike
damage stop it attacking for a while
banshees can contribute a little bit
with the Exar here but obviously there's
a bright Lance as well bright Lance
already on the field so Tex is going to
have to get some alternative a as well
he obviously can't be relying on a c
effect effects to kill a RL both the RL
and the C effects won't really hurt one
another very much
because of the melee resist but the rift
actually will do significant damage with
its should mounted bright Lance if it
can get it but to be fair deos is
nowhere near getting a RI FL
anyway no what am I talking about he's
already got it out that's
why uh we've got the crack shot used on
the bright Lance wow counter's taking an
absurd amount of damage right now so
this is a 30% damage increase and range
increase and now you've got a bright
Lance on the ra FL as well yeah
great so format's going to be forced to
charge out here why grenade didn't even
go off there a little bit late there
from De most to teleport
in uh why is it rotating this is not a
good
idea oh my gosh and again still doesn't
throw the ha wire what the heck deos
what are you
doing need to get the canix in the base
I'm pretty sure with the healing and the
Damage resistance from the base the
canoun effects can just tank this R all
day yeah
but there's no ranged
AV why is he not getting the Venom
cannon on the hi T I don't know that
thing even has fire on the move which is
pretty
incredible we did go for a lior I mean
that's going to be good to Ambush the
bright Lance in the back uh they must
not really paying attention I even lose
this damn thing right now there's flesh
hook as well oh it's dead it is dead
didn't even need the flesh shook holy
[__] yeah damage on the tier three
lictor is pretty damn good
pretty damn
good going to infiltrate and get on that
VP exploiting it 50% extra cap
speed look at that does get it obviously
needs to retreat oh no it doesn't yeah
leap very nice beautiful lick to play
here from
TCH going to stay on the field Rangers
are detecting it mind
you SLI one of the beautiful things with
it is that it doesn't actually spend any
energy to
infiltrate just when it infiltrates it
can't regain energy which it needs for
flesh hook and
jumps but it allows it to infiltrate a
hell of a lot more than other units can
very sneaky boy there you go you got the
Venom cannon at last kind of awkward
that he's just sudden his own on the
sidelines mind you oh we got melee ravs
double melee ravs what on Earth okay we
need to get some adrenal gland Warrior
brood then in that
case it's quite an odd
decision but okay I mean you are tyranid
oh he just missed the cap I thought he'd
actually got the cap then as
well h
not much support here for the r FL needs
to get out don't want to take the 1 V
one against the
fix and the W SP xack managed to force
off the hive
Tyrant now we got fire dragons man this
is a lot of units coming out from
deos without
number more gauns on the field just
trying to overwhelm deos and take the
map I imagine is the plan
here I feel like in a big army versus
army fight deos has got no chance to be
honest there's just so many units for
the
nids and so many range units for deos as
well I'm just going to get overwhelmed
by the melee spam this is weird how like
everything in the Army is put going
backwards just to deal with these
hommers that a bit of a a mess messy
sort of Engagement there should have had
the Banshees in this location wow he
gets the kill with a grenade and Retreat
nice I really didn't think that was
going to do it I thought one of those
models would have got out there but a
big distraction like I said all the
units blobbing up here it's meant that
Victor snuck in over here we've got
bwing raveners moving
around I don't know why the hi tant
isn't capping the mid cuz Tex's micro at
this point has been rather challenged
ter not really achieving a whole lot
over
here crack shot using the spiders are
just going to rip through gauns in
literally seconds
we are taking damage R is not really
doing a whole lot here but it's been odd
there's not been any tant guards there's
not been any of the synapse creatures
which are generally their main
targets and this is very
awkward the garrisons man they're so
annoying needs to get some spawn mines
over here to deal with the dam wat
spider it's going to be very painful
trying to take these points I mean he's
holding them with the m units there but
just potential for bleed a couple of
wats by the models looks like they fell
over here to the F and the guns are
going to come back out and take this
location the F doesn't really want to go
into the mid its own where's the HT gone
H turn been F off again H tant honestly
really has achieved nothing here with
this Venom brood uh sorry Venom
Cannon sure about this
rava brood combo up the
top I feel like they're just idle and
not really achieving a whole
lot uh lick needs to get out and type
the fire dragons I don't know what the
Rippers are doing in melee with banshees
they should be dealing with the fire
dragons charges out where are the rers
oh rers just ripping apart the Rangers
cool that's one Ranger dead there is
another Squad going to the east mind you
beautiful thing here with the Venom
Cannon you got that far in the move
unfortunately focusing on Guardians
right now which is not really great but
uh
terma
flanking and Raven's flanking that's the
more scary part bonded EXO skelet no I
think this R FL is dead
now cuz hi T could turn around and chase
it down with that far on the Move Venom
Cannon very strong beautiful pitch slap
from the re FL it's so good with special
attacks I don't know what's going on
here takes his
micro falling
apart getting his have turn into Mele
but it doesn't matter canix slays the r
flood in the end can level two right now
pretty great for it more HP regen more
max HP is the most important thing I
suppose and yeah double Mele ravener is
putting in work there wiped from the
Rangers got a lot of bleed on the
retreating units as
well honestly I'd have gone for a a
warrior brood of a Dr Clans but yeah
he's got the power he's going to go for
another counter man the pullback
strength on this flesh up from the tier
three Lor is absolutely nuts to think
that the lior alpha hero had a flesh
hook that strong at one point is just
[__]
Bonkers it's so ridiculously
good man look at the carif effect nearly
killing the wat spider XA there honestly
if level three that would have been a
kill this is actually kind of a bad
situation though fire dragon chasing it
down we've got potential crackshot on
the fire dragons as well doesn't seem to
have used it just the ability from the
Exar charge been used I was going to say
no it hasn't
can use it there to disengage gets the
Decap on the natural and VP is looking
pretty bad now for kind of both players
but particularly deos 90 VPS for deos
186 still for man of Faith Venom Canon
can canex hi Tyrant going to be going
into melee here with the fds can't knock
them around though thanks to that dragon
scale armor that they've
got but nice play there from the LI to
getting into M with the spiders probably
going to have to retreat now though is
this the second Farm back yeah it is all
right yeah just to overwhelm the enemy
with melee that seems to be the name of
the game for TCH
today now we can save up and swap out
that Venom Cannon for a crushing CL and
it'll have a nice versatile Hive tarant
to play with especially with that Bing
ex skeleton giving him the much needed
durability got to get
out Buddy's coming in for a little bur
but they've already caught the point
here as deos so this is not very
productive
yeah R you need to get out of there
Lads in the middle what was that was
that a ranger Squad gobbled up by the
fing Retreat can't even
see yep that's the Rangers wiped snuck
in and tried to get onto that VP they
did catch the VP so you know that's
something what spider xack himself over
here oh get disrupted by a special
attack from The Hive T bit of a bugged
animation cuz we came late to watching
it little bit of mistake from Tex to not
get on the point when that happened
obviously he's paying attention down
here with his
FS got the other kind of effects coming
out now as
well oh he did get the spider off the
point oh did he just yeah he swapped out
to crushing GLA yeah I'll start doing
some crazy damage with
that rippers are actually going to be
productive here go over to the bright
Lance it is crackshot it which is pretty
spooky look at this just replaces the
unhealthy one with a with a healthy one
that's rather awkward Lor should just be
getting on the
point what it's doing at this point Lor
thank you kind effect can
distract probably doesn't need to be
pushing quite this deep double ter is
wrecked over here by Guardians is a bit
strange must have been like a really
nice plasma grenade I suppose but yeah
can't even take the
natural D must going to win this
raveners coming out to deal with it I
I'm not sure the raveners were that
great in
melee Nice kill there on the fire dragon
X
AR keep them tied up so they can't do
that damage to the effects but now you
got to
retreat yeah certainly with the Banshees
in play doesn't Retreat them banshee's
potentially getting the kill but must
them knocked over by the jump there
they're trying to chase him down with
the fleet of foot F SL play to doal with
the counter effect and is that going to
be yes
too late on the crippling poison
banshees get the sink kill on the
lior Guardians trying to force cap their
way through the mid what's this AAC
doing utac dropped in down here just
to compete with the raveners I guess
over the VP I'm not sure
they I'm not sure who wins that fight
given level three ravers I would assume
they win the fight against the aack and
look at this another crack shot bright
Lance in the back no rippers where are
the Rippers Tech kind of messing up here
by not spawning in more rippers
earlier yeah F has just managed to grab
that carif effect and kill it before
they get tied up by the Rippers very
nice I think that was an aggressive
charge on the bright Lance
there real problem though is the
VPS Force off the bright Lance W SPID is
getting wrecked in melee the players
micro right now been really tested they
must loses his spiders fire dragon tied
up by as
well it's pretty good to see and tex
owns this VP yeah I don't think I think
Tex has got this now deos has lost a lot
of units scrapping right there Hi tant
still in
play two pretty po upgrades it's kind of
like a mini walker just with these two
upgrades kind of interesting to see all
the without number usage from TCH
actually it was quite effective I was
just going to say could tan tyan
formation
this area a long time ago holy [__] did
he just kill his entire hom up Squad so
he did but it doesn't matter he's pushed
deos off the field deos obviously no VPS
at this point it's literally impossible
for him to cap those VPS and win lost
his spider over here to these ravers
interesting to see the double melee
ravers without any melee synaps quite
weird but yeah really overwhelmed his
opponent there with Mele which is
honestly nuts given its green tooth
Gorge of all the garrisons it should be
one of the worst maps to do that but
there you go that's Tex and his hi mind
hope you enjoyed that one that's going
to be all from your boy toppit this time
I am signing out
[Music]